OSDOCS-4624: [OLM][4.12] Document PSA changes to the CatalogSource (#53795)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/olm-sqlite-catalog-complying-with-psa.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * operators/admin/olm-managing-custom-catalogs.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="olm-sqlite-catalog-complying-with-psa_{context}"]
= Updating older SQLite database catalogs to comply with restricted pod security enforcement

If you do not want to update your SQLite databse catalog image or migrate your catalog to the file-based catalog format, you can perform the following actions to ensure your catalog source runs when the default pod security enforcement changes to restricted:

> * Manually set the security mode to legacy to ensure your catalog runs if the default enforcement changes to restricted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Manually set the security mode to legacy to ensure your catalog runs with legacy permissions even if the default catalog security mode changes to restricted.
```

* Label the catalog source namespace for baseline or privileged pod security enforcement.

[NOTE]
====
The SQLite database catalog format is deprecated, but still supported by Red Hat. In a future release, the SQLite database format will not be supported, and catalogs will need to migrate to the file-based catalog format. File-based catalogs are compatible with restricted pod security enforcement.
====

.Prerequisites

* An SQLite database catalog source
* Cluster administrator permissions
* A target namespace that supports running pods with the elevated pod security admission standard of `baseline` or `privileged`.

.Procedure

> . Edit the `CatalogSource` definition by setting the `spec.grpcrcPodConfig.securityContextConfig` label to `legacy`, as shown in the following example:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Edit the `CatalogSource` definition by setting the `spec.grpcPodConfig.securityContextConfig` label to `legacy`, as shown in the following example:
```
